partition: add doc for global index, also with GLOBAL IndexOption/ColumnOption (#18543)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-create-table.md

* All of the data types except spatial types are supported.
* TiDB accepts index types such as `HASH`, `BTREE` and `RTREE` in syntax for compatibility with MySQL, but ignores them.
* TiDB supports parsing the `FULLTEXT` syntax but does not support using the `FULLTEXT` indexes.

> * Creating a `PRIMARY KEY` or `UNIQUE INDEX` with 'GLOBAL' IndexOption is a TiDB extension for [global indexes](/partitioned-table.md#global-indexes) and is not compatible with MySQL.

Author: ```suggestion
* Creating a `PRIMARY KEY` or `UNIQUE INDEX` with `GLOBAL` IndexOption is a TiDB extension for [global indexes](/partitioned-table.md#global-indexes) and is not compatible with MySQL.
```

> * Creating a `PRIMARY KEY` or `UNIQUE INDEX` with `GLOBAL` IndexOption is a TiDB extension for [global indexes](/partitioned-table.md#global-indexes) and is not compatible with MySQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setting a `PRIMARY KEY` or `UNIQUE INDEX` as a global index with `GLOBAL` IndexOption is a TiDB extension for [global indexes](/partitioned-table.md#global-indexes) and is not compatible with MySQL.
```

> * Setting a `PRIMARY KEY` or `UNIQUE INDEX` as a global index with `GLOBAL` IndexOption is a TiDB extension for [global indexes](/partitioned-table.md#global-indexes) and is not compatible with MySQL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Setting a `PRIMARY KEY` or `UNIQUE INDEX` as a [global index](/partitioned-table.md#global-indexes) with the `GLOBAL` index option is a TiDB extension for [partitioned tables](/partitioned-table.md) and is not compatible with MySQL.
```
